feat(i18n): document new option (#6265)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/internationalization.mdx

    </FileTree>

- URLs without a locale prefix, (e.g. `example.com/blog/`) will return a 404 (not found) status code.

#### `redirectToDefaultLocale`

Configures whether or not the home URL (`/`) generated by `src/pages/astro.index` will redirect to `/<defaultLocale>`.

Setting `prefixDefaultLocale: true` will also automatically set `redirectToDefaultLocale: true` in your `routing` config object. By default, the required `src/pages/index.astro` file will automatically redirect to the index page of your default locale.

> You can opt out of this behavior by setting `redirectToDefaultLocale: false`. This allows you to have a site home page that exists outside of your configured locale folder structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can opt out of this behavior by [setting `redirectToDefaultLocale: false`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#i18nroutingredirecttodefaultlocale). This allows you to have a site home page that exists outside of your configured locale folder structure.
```

- URLs without a locale prefix, (e.g. `example.com/blog/`) will return a 404 (not found) status code.
- The home URL (`/`) redirects to `/<defaultLocale>`.

#### `redirectToDefaultLocale: true`

> When `prefixDefaultLocale` is `true`, the redirect form the home URL to `/<defaultLocale>` is disabled. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When `prefixDefaultLocale` is `true`, `redirectToDefaultLocale: false` will disable redirecting from the home URL to `/<defaultLocale>`. 
```

Some alternatives:
- When `prefixDefaultLocale` is `true`, `redirectToDefaultLocale` controls whether to redirect from the home URL to `/<defaultLocale>`. 
- When `prefixDefaultLocale` is `true` and `redirectToDefaultLocale` is `false`, redirecting from the home URL to `/<defaultLocale>` is disabled.

Author: I like the first alternative!
